build: Wrap dependency libraries' facade headers with IWYU exports to resolve clang-tidy violations. (#100)
y-scope/clp-ffi-py: CMakeLists.txt

    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR}/PyExceptionContext.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR}/PyObjectCast.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR}/PyObjectUtils.hpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR}/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_PY_LIB_SRC_DIR}/utils.hpp
)

# NOTE: these headers are wrappers of third-party dependency libraries. They are required to silent

> # clang-tidy warnings for missing direct includes.

Reviewer: * Let's ensure we always use a capital after colons, unless the next word must be lowercase (e.g., a variable name).
* "silent" is the adjective, "silence" is the verb.

Author: Sorry for the missing capitalization

> # NOTE: These headers are wrappers of third-party dependency libraries. They are required to silence
> # clang-tidy warnings for missing direct includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: These headers are third-party facade headers wrapped with IWYU exports to resolve clang-tidy
# violations for missing direct includes.
```

> set(CLP_FFI_PY_WRAPPED_DEPENDENCY_HEADERS_SOURCES

Reviewer: Do we need the `_SOURCES`? I feel like `CLP_FFI_PY_WRAPPED_DEPENDENCY_HEADERS` is descriptive enough and `HEADERS_SOURCES` kind of makes it sound like these should be cpp files corresponding to the headers.
